Feature: Add new hooks in Git 2.28 (#147)
rycus86/githooks: README.md

- `update`
- `post-receive`
- `post-update`
- `reference-transaction`
- `push-to-checkout`
- `pre-auto-gc`
- `post-rewrite`
- `sendemail-validate`
- `post-index-change`

> The either sepcial hook `fsmonitor-watchman` is currently not supported. If you strongly feel otherhwise open an issue.

Reviewer: A few typos here.
```suggestion
The `fsmonitor-watchman` hook is currently not supported. If you have a use-case for it and want to use it with this tool, please open an issue.
```
